Enable pane support (#1557)
tradingview/lightweight-charts: website/tutorials/how_to/_usage-guide-partial.mdx

<details>
<summary>How to use the code sample</summary>

> <strong>The code presented below requires:</strong>
> 
> - That `createChart` has already been imported. See [Getting Started](/docs#creating-a-chart) for more information,
> - and that there is an html div element on the page with an `id` of `container`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<strong>Before you use the code sample below, you should do the following::</strong>

-  Import `createChart`. Refer to [Getting Started](/docs#creating-a-chart) for more information.
-  Add an HTML div element with the `id` of the `container`.
```
